https://open.spotify.com/artist/2KaW48xlLnXC2v8tvyhWsa?si=dTbU3s7CRgah1pT58o3OkQ	Amaranthe	Heavy Metal
https://open.spotify.com/artist/5eAWCfyUhZtHHtBdNk56l1?si=l22gGJo-SR-FXewj8iP8Bg	System Of A Down	Heavy Metal
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6tbLPxj1uQ6vsRQZI2YFCT?si=u7JQGqiLQmePradBhsuYWw	In This Moment	Heavy Metal
https://open.spotify.com/artist/0cc6vw3VN8YlIcvr1v7tBL?si=HpmcWTkBTg6drI1Vs4jy6Q	Mötley Crüe	Heavy Metal
https://open.spotify.com/artist/5t28BP42x2axFnqOOMg3CM?si=VHLVQ9-XRmSWoSPmbN-4Jw	Five Finger Death Punch	Heavy Metal
https://open.spotify.com/artist/3RNrq3jvMZxD9ZyoOZbQOD?si=DJNS7UsTRlOuaKyacg8Ryw	Korn	Heavy Metal
https://open.spotify.com/artist/7fWgqc4HJi3pcHhK8hKg2p?si=knmVI5AbQcKbqKkmtRDpig	Dope	Heavy Metal
https://open.spotify.com/artist/1E4r4z7ivGUcSAnCbINJ9v?si=6sa83hQdSGuIkJaC9qgpkg	Drowning Pool	Heavy Metal
https://open.spotify.com/artist/5274obTQJjzjyycRyJlfml?si=7H1cMkaaQ8mpMnYmVsIavg	Whitechapel	Heavy Metal
https://open.spotify.com/artist/0lVlNsuGaOr9vMHCZIAKMt?si=vbCanY2ATaqCqmP4IVZxqQ	Machine Head	Heavy Metal
https://open.spotify.com/artist/2VYQTNDsvvKN9wmU5W7xpj?si=oaWYnUILSq2AUMsQUd2mEQ	Marilyn Manson	Heavy Metal
https://open.spotify.com/artist/7iWiAD5LLKyiox2grgfmUT?si=16Gxsy3DRoyvq1DwgoAvOQ	Bullet For My Valentine	Heavy Metal
https://open.spotify.com/artist/0nmQIMXWTXfhgOBdNzhGOs?si=c1-TJ6ZKQTiQH09Jtw465Q	Avenged Sevenfold	Heavy Metal
https://open.spotify.com/artist/4tususHNaR68xdgLstlGBA?si=EBDcUR-QR6iDaxsIiTcEzA	Of Mice & Men	Heavy Metal
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6om12Ev5ppgoMy3OYSoech?si=2w-gZIoQQ9uDF8cDu43puA	Halestorm	Heavy Metal
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6wWVKhxIU2cEi0K81v7HvP?si=d4ItaHTJS6WWvzWBsEJk-A	Rammstein	Heavy Metal
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6cmp7ut7okJAgJOSaMAVf3?si=s9nHE3uPSEWQGmSnCeXoNQ	Machinae Supremacy	Heavy Metal
https://open.spotify.com/artist/3BNDjSD67jJE4fhxX1b2OV?si=geyGueNnQtSaMwJwkukzZA	GALNERYUS	Heavy Metal
https://open.spotify.com/artist/1pRaG81GsVtaTBuVSpldt2?si=31N-_9uRSdCfaHur_58TAw	Pop Evil	Heavy Metal
https://open.spotify.com/artist/4RddZ3iHvSpGV4dvATac9X?si=I6FbfbLeTn-WAfoOPRnggg	Papa Roach	Heavy Metal
 	 	 
https://open.spotify.com/artist/1xKrH6GSh9CJh8nYwbqW7B?si=vO2LHFYwT1m8hKHAPAcY5A	Welshly Arms	Rock
https://open.spotify.com/artist/3AQRLZ9PuTAozP28Skbq8V?si=FSsX19t1RDi2HMj7SLd8oQ	The Script	Rock
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6deZN1bslXzeGvOLaLMOIF?si=3uHqfHWTSjOq2DTEeX4OYA	Nickelback	Rock
https://open.spotify.com/artist/7k5jeohQCF20a8foBD9ize?si=JFWRf_MVQG6iY98LKz6t9Q	Battle Beast	Rock
https://open.spotify.com/artist/74eX4C98E4FCrAMl39qRsJ?si=F5dB9V8ZSROBLCcCUfKMRw	Theory of a Deadman	Rock
https://open.spotify.com/artist/70BYFdaZbEKbeauJ670ysI?si=aC-eRaOoR6-mvpSb7J9UKw	Shinedown	Rock
https://open.spotify.com/artist/2OhFv0nL7QXOWMYXPoLEP8?si=2uats_zTTHGcfHHdyxvO1Q	Louna	Rock
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6B5c4sch27tWHAGdarpPaW?si=qq3bzxLUSbS3JIw7nfLb1g	Seether	Rock
https://open.spotify.com/artist/0CEFCo8288kQU7mJi25s6E?si=lSmvkUDJS8ayJgy1ArZU3w	Hollywood Undead	Rock
https://open.spotify.com/artist/7Ln80lUS6He07XvHI8qqHH?si=m4pMyWavQKKm2dWyaE71Tg	Arctic Monkeys	Rock
https://open.spotify.com/artist/0RqtSIYZmd4fiBKVFqyIqD?si=KXz7Ls7YQx6V0Xs5Rlywxw	Thirty Seconds To Mars	Rock
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6gZq1Q6bdOxsUPUG1TaFbF?si=Lb1RHTP_QqOmcrDaDENiRA	Godsmack	Rock
https://open.spotify.com/artist/1caBfBEapzw8z2Qz9q0OaQ?si=W1MvtFhNSwWauNEmBXcC1g	Asking Alexandria	Rock
https://open.spotify.com/artist/26T3LtbuGT1Fu9m0eRq5X3?si=ORHjEVugTUWjHtsXg7EqxQ	Cage The Elephant	Rock
https://open.spotify.com/artist/4gzpq5DPGxSnKTe4SA8HAU?si=sO8XSG4oQpm9Vo0NmMdnGg	Coldplay	Rock
https://open.spotify.com/artist/4UXqAaa6dQYAk18Lv7PEgX?si=8Ezb8qaSQqC_YPo0t8niLA	Fall Out Boy	Rock
https://open.spotify.com/artist/5tFRohaO5yEsuJxmMnlCO9?si=x5zLSt08QFar8QGlfdbrcw	Barns Courtney	Rock
https://open.spotify.com/artist/12Chz98pHFMPJEknJQMWvI?si=tKuIpBtTQ6GzSbyYsTaDWw	Muse	Rock
 	 	 
https://open.spotify.com/artist/5X0N2k3qMnI8kSrGJT3kfT?si=zNvsx2GYRUiU5cqcw4Ri1A	Eluveitie	Symphonic Metal
https://open.spotify.com/artist/2NPduAUeLVsfIauhRwuft1?si=5eFfHv1mSsS2U7u9cFAwZQ	Nightwish	Symphonic Metal
https://open.spotify.com/artist/1Ih0fEQQsy9EeAJbYEeQRa	Avantasia	Symphonic Metal
https://open.spotify.com/artist/5HA5aLY3jJV7eimXWkRBBp	Epica	Symphonic Metal
 	 	 
https://open.spotify.com/artist/7z2avKuuiMAT4XZJFv8Rvh?si=NauWr4AHRHiK5fJ7zHunMQ	Tom Walker	Akustik
https://open.spotify.com/artist/4PLsMEk2DCRVlVL2a9aZAv?si=V9157U_uRsyj2afJXeYj8g	SOAK	Akustik
https://open.spotify.com/artist/0p0ksmwMDQlAM24TWKu4Ua?si=BgZackX2RXubv251jvQrKw	Lily Kershaw	Akustik
https://open.spotify.com/artist/5Fd7uQWqAWTmcOidyOUhDo?si=kc4xW3m8SyyZgbSj_p-Uhw	K E M A L	Akustik
https://open.spotify.com/artist/7KMqksf0UMdyA0UCf4R3ux?si=BWPaUYLrRzSs18QqM7bCog	James Blunt	Akustik
https://open.spotify.com/artist/78CiW0UJbHspFaVuVexOK6?si=rmG2em8dTBq8dT4vL3JiQA	Charlie Cunningham	Akustik
https://open.spotify.com/artist/39S7Y72G0tdDPy2INGFicV?si=72XeOt55SY-1v3R8crA4rg	Sara Farell	Akustik
https://open.spotify.com/artist/2TL8gYTNgD6nXkyuUdDrMg?si=369KQrnbRuiqgEt5UnbmKw	Jasmine Thompson	Akustik
https://open.spotify.com/artist/543ccHFPnZfJMD8tRGPtu7?si=Fp5MPL5OQ4aLa7NSiMgDNg	James Smith	Akustik
https://open.spotify.com/artist/2YZOQlBE1v44RxPEAVSdVR?si=Q916G_xJQ3CNMLX1V7zYqQ	Myles Kennedy	Akustik
 	 	 
https://open.spotify.com/artist/20JZFwl6HVl6yg8a4H3ZqK?si=eHb6hk1STHSq1F4foiPhXg	Panic! At The Disco	Pop Rock
https://open.spotify.com/artist/53XhwfbYqKCa1cC15pYq2q?si=CavKo5-8TTOhQwuSfcWEuQ	Imagine Dragons	Pop Rock
 	 	 
https://open.spotify.com/artist/37J1PlAkhRK7yrZUtqaUpQ?si=8HUaMlELTheVzjBxuSrdrA	Caravan Palace	Pop
https://open.spotify.com/artist/4nDoRrQiYLoBzwC5BhVJzF?si=VK9fuYhpTtm5k6VAPaIAgQ	Camila Cabello	Pop
https://open.spotify.com/artist/0J7U24vlOOIeMpuaO6Q85A?si=6538tWUPRrWiaQB9dFcfEw	LP	Pop
https://open.spotify.com/artist/7r8xR0LmnaAM623MmRDn1V?si=aTh3Y1pTRDmcX3fIDX8Nvg	Max Frost	Pop
https://open.spotify.com/artist/4kI8Ie27vjvonwaB2ePh8T?si=lJXaWogKTJOD5l4W8wLKnQ	Portugal. The Man	Pop
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6s22t5Y3prQHyaHWUN1R1C?si=zs5zUSASR560bfpvVYXcIg	AJR	Pop
https://open.spotify.com/artist/7f0OLhGgBMX9fUjm1dcPip?si=QpEZE7FgTSuOJUJPb5Tt1A	Alice Merton	Pop
https://open.spotify.com/artist/7xEFii6utZmQ61kX59HmLH?si=4BbCP-85RVm_mJDPh79RbQ	FRENSHIP	Pop
https://open.spotify.com/artist/5IH6FPUwQTxPSXurCrcIov?si=1C6eFPYDTrahp5388VBjIQ	Alec Benjamin	Pop
https://open.spotify.com/artist/70TsVY28EcEUYSGG5Yw7mp?si=qxVqH1fiQbWKXhsV5sY3RQ	Sam Tinnesz	Pop
https://open.spotify.com/artist/07YZf4WDAMNwqr4jfgOZ8y?si=ypCbmNyuRGGwmkpPSsum4w	Jason Derulo	Pop
https://open.spotify.com/artist/1pVBijnEtdQcntEOXgPv3S?si=e5WZuysCRoK5r5SOKzkh1Q	Ansızın Bi' İnfilak	Pop
https://open.spotify.com/artist/7gP3bB2nilZXLfPHJhMdvc?si=rLE-bwlxQaWxeQwiq6yl0Q	Foster The People	Pop
https://open.spotify.com/artist/26VFTg2z8YR0cCuwLzESi2?si=M2DNFCcYSfaT-nH0W06sBQ	Halsey	Pop
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6IZ4ctovY9dl7bgHClAvKJ?si=WtOjECnTQqeimQKTPhQuTQ	LSD	Pop
https://open.spotify.com/artist/5Pwc4xIPtQLFEnJriah9YJ?si=Ujo0ZaE-QdiJdZPnBm-KgQ	OneRepublic	Pop
https://open.spotify.com/artist/2KsP6tYLJlTBvSUxnwlVWa?si=i_Ix5LwMTlix-dvxCT2a7Q	Mike Posner	Pop
https://open.spotify.com/artist/4FcZfItjVIsfO9TynErl7X?si=LgZwviCuSXCW8mqLz_1DEg	Jubël	Pop
https://open.spotify.com/artist/5YyGLejM00snCF1RJKlocJ?si=sZmgB7_-QTGtMiJz5TZvfw	Nikki Vianna	Pop
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6mzs66iVW15C5iLt0JLt41?si=5MFPc2VJRcSYp8aLUgokiw	ILIRA	Pop
https://open.spotify.com/artist/586uxXMyD5ObPuzjtrzO1Q?si=k49vumyyStyzKGOmrin6tA	Sofi Tukker	Pop
https://open.spotify.com/artist/4wLXwxDeWQ8mtUIRPxGiD6?si=InERnObjRb6E9Lal8WwNhA	Marc Anthony	Pop
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6VSMAVF00xwG8Adoqnbqy6?si=oBYr_apsRXqBwnOtIGlUDw	Rat City	Pop
https://open.spotify.com/artist/5CCwRZC6euC8Odo6y9X8jr?si=-8Cde0AeT4CQW5pjAPA67A	Rita Ora	Pop
https://open.spotify.com/artist/4npEfmQ6YuiwW1GpUmaq3F?si=mhwJSF1TT4WiejYfVkWP4g	Ava Max	Pop
 	 	 
https://open.spotify.com/artist/5EP020iZcwBqHRnJftibXX?si=MQ9lvMxLTuWLCoTLCD6zZw	Hooverphonic	R&B / Soul
https://open.spotify.com/artist/0cTSCsVx04SSht9V6cpKN0?si=y52wSYKvTnaUVuhGa-twHw	Mavis Staples	R&B / Soul
https://open.spotify.com/artist/355SqtHY4qKt2wIXrWku0c?si=U5_F3m2SQ4iLCrANxoj93Q	CLOVES	R&B / Soul
https://open.spotify.com/artist/1ZTCpKWDwHhbjhkdHhvTm8?si=d_e6Aqm6QMShZ_E5OGKWRw	Tina Arena	R&B / Soul
https://open.spotify.com/artist/7CW2eGwAuElNq09rVtZYsM?si=nUtyHTDbQlqU2t5u5Fppiw	Sena Şener	R&B / Soul
https://open.spotify.com/artist/0ZED1XzwlLHW4ZaG4lOT6m?si=PRIenO4CSW2qhnMcSxpdXg	Julia Michaels	R&B / Soul
https://open.spotify.com/artist/13NDyiYKjknIfYuRsg1j3F?si=jAD9ZyczScWG1uaWJLQW7Q	Natasha Blume	R&B / Soul
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6zVFRTB0Y1whWyH7ZNmywf?si=64s7nRATSWmxhVJDovzYRw	Tash Sultana	R&B / Soul
https://open.spotify.com/artist/0V7uVrIYr4FwFvUN9S4kYr?si=bYC60C4rToeYGdOKtQ6pTw	Nick Waterhouse	R&B / Soul
https://open.spotify.com/artist/7bvcQXJHkFiN1ppIN3q4fi?si=iVm2eS35SdKflblVV3fs-A	Joss Stone	R&B / Soul
 	 	 
https://open.spotify.com/artist/3OLp4KhWh6toFAwiPWxbxX?si=rFRalbXMQ2-3WJyvOKNYFA	Greg Zlap	Enstrumantal
https://open.spotify.com/artist/378dH6EszOLFShpRzAQkVM?si=Qag5mNRlRhKhX-wvRBJ44g	Lindsey Stirling	Enstrumantal
 	 	 
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6LnJKrtFnTEGdbWQ2riWCL?si=RMj_yyAkST23UhnVLxUpyQ	Ezhel	Rap
https://open.spotify.com/artist/7dGJo4pcD2V6oG8kP0tJRR?si=xyW2R1TLRTu_QvAPVFs3uw	Eminem	Rap
https://open.spotify.com/artist/0hCNtLu0JehylgoiP8L4Gh?si=wk-9o19DS_6kK5oi-pfGHQ	Nicki Minaj	Rap
 	 	 
https://open.spotify.com/artist/4ZgQDCtRqZlhLswVS6MHN4?si=4kP4L7omSAu3j-VzOefWOw	grandson	Elektronik / DJ
https://open.spotify.com/artist/69GGBxA162lTqCwzJG5jLp?si=39Ox5gM7QFyIJXgT-QMXsg	The Chainsmokers	Elektronik / DJ
https://open.spotify.com/artist/7e1BNCygl2Gf7CX8LrByPv?si=BnDD1pRRSI2o667qw8Iyrw	Ummet Ozcan	Elektronik / DJ
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6jPriOYMyUL9kNonBI1CNd?si=InFV0vguTzSBHNcusyG2aQ	Faustix	Elektronik / DJ
https://open.spotify.com/artist/60d24wfXkVzDSfLS6hyCjZ?si=y83-DIx4R7OTFFvZflAD5A	Martin Garrix	Elektronik / DJ
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6PMzrBpWzgAzj3yOGjwQJJ?si=djmby6baToKuuw_PyG5Stg	Roumex	Elektronik / DJ
https://open.spotify.com/artist/1FiAkaEAyepvi57FmYvJqo?si=XYAycF7fRymZVOrlZvcvCA	Henri Bergmann	Elektronik / DJ
https://open.spotify.com/artist/1j1jzA1X6Lr19bxTlBS8n9?si=gqhEGBJESxCR65QUJlMz2g	Rich Vom Dorf	Elektronik / DJ
https://open.spotify.com/artist/1z5xbcOeFRQXBVDpvRPh8H?si=3qhz9yuKTMOp2NsZ3p34SQ	MEUTE	Elektronik / DJ
https://open.spotify.com/artist/3t8WiyalpvnB9AObcMufiE?si=wKtRYq5UR1ew3ePquv9SwQ	Mahmut Orhan	Elektronik / DJ
https://open.spotify.com/artist/50ZyjIaVHOy5Xt7FLJ7RZl?si=6W9GhN-nTm2vlyZEgPnFwQ	Sam Paganini	Elektronik / DJ
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6TshTCYwh9ySzOO6Jy4Ux2?si=--4xnnTORA2D1XCWVGBP-Q	Maya Jane Coles	Elektronik / DJ
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6lK8O3kyFThiTmgowQZGOH?si=YR3bvnW2T96VWyeHwD-Zgg	Kerala Dust	Elektronik / DJ
https://open.spotify.com/artist/4uRYpUQZrNrY5t8tAv3XrD?si=0X1X6g35RvG4c-AZjRLNYg	NERO	Elektronik / DJ
https://open.spotify.com/artist/33JQK4UoS2aMPYBfdB5Ftt?si=R3qbud6gSx6-aof2bLyyAQ	Ryan Riback	Elektronik / DJ
https://open.spotify.com/artist/4njdEjTnLfcGImKZu1iSrz?si=zZchGDdSTaOXcbudjvttng	AWOLNATION	Elektronik / DJ
https://open.spotify.com/artist/5CkVLGKUJkIc1pmSk10QP4?si=f2DnEfeXQoKXJzBGTDhHtA	Eli & Fur	Elektronik / DJ
https://open.spotify.com/artist/4AKwRarlmsUlLjIwt38NLw?si=yUXVv4nXTbetyXMj45nKaA	Ofenbach	Elektronik / DJ
 	 	 
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6cQVcprcYDxGM79YmyCkcQ?si=aj9dxLtdTY-7A5XhW_AuDw	VAX	Chill Out
https://open.spotify.com/artist/4iFfQpzvTJDhqmSi28EhYu?si=_HwQVOPpTZiWKIEhLeWFKQ	Olivera	Chill Out
https://open.spotify.com/artist/7wLyGTO9vUS7ndlq4BvBGe?si=PhjO0wfiRj2mJAoqIZ_vcQ	Blake Rose	Chill Out
https://open.spotify.com/artist/2ysnwxxNtSgbb9t1m2Ur4j?si=vBlv73h4RIuns9BWtFnyOw	George Ezra	Chill Out
https://open.spotify.com/artist/6aAestjbtEbALwyIYPg8Na?si=jqSP0UiJQaenaPk59lnTpg	LissA	Chill Out
https://open.spotify.com/artist/53GC8IrnkJXGO7znOiv4tD?si=oF0MHHkoRtqMSE2oEcQ-UA	Millie Turner	Chill Out
https://open.spotify.com/artist/316jj0bjhfXGHGBEraGy7P?si=XN87r8EbSnaOnVUCz_tDQQ	Blindsmyth	Chill Out
https://open.spotify.com/artist/7xfdx6PiB50V9VWI4Mq70R?si=2sefU5xRSZ2OykiSkoF8bg	Jabberwocky	Chill Out
https://open.spotify.com/artist/5T3N5ks9c3L7D4aXw54DVs?si=TM0GP-KVTVG5gggy0Y1MrA	RIVVRS	Chill Out
https://open.spotify.com/artist/7oDTyDfeA2JE2jUZztkBj8?si=N3SQbW_0RESL18CeVkEw0Q	Vök	Chill Out
https://open.spotify.com/artist/7su1fG75ZwXHA6ei9Zcy7T?si=hJgIYKgfRfqxeZspkKwx5g	Stavroz	Chill Out
https://open.spotify.com/artist/5Lhxlge1CR1DrgDAje8Qaw?si=7WVqjZd-QlGcIAJ4VCXyRQ	NoMBe	Chill Out
https://open.spotify.com/artist/45yEuthJ9yq1rNXAOpBnqM?si=N8niQUcaRbOnIM1XVUV_qA	Polo & Pan	Chill Out
 	 	 
https://open.spotify.com/artist/38jpuy3yt3QIxQ8Fn1HTeJ?si=VvVzOTBhTp-wquKB7aS96Q	Mat.Joe	Hip Hop
https://open.spotify.com/artist/1zVGInzEij1qk9ZlMlOC2X?si=DhduFEaKRtOfb_YOnqdMXg	The Palms	Hip Hop
https://open.spotify.com/artist/1B0155rdv175D1tQ8VH7Oy?si=j0pFI9dxR-iT27JEO13TlQ	FEVER 333	Hip Hop
